Add find implementation (#170)
AY2526S2-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

> ### Find feature

Reviewer: We could standardise to 
```suggestion
### Find command
```

#### Proposed Implementation

The find command allows users to search for contacts using either a **general search** format or a **multi-field search** format.

The general search format matches keywords against all searchable fields of a contact, while the multi-field search format matches keywords only against the user-specified fields.

The `find` command is facilitated by `FindCommandParser`, which parses the user input and constructs one of the following predicates:

- `PersonContainsKeywordsPredicate`— Performs a general search across all searchable fields.
- `PersonMatchesFieldsPredicate` — Performs a multi-field search on specific fields.

These predicates are then passed into `FindCommand`, which updates the filtered contact list in the model.

The searchable fields supported by the `find` command are:

- name
- phone
- email
- address
- tags

> Given below is an example usage scenario and how the `find` command behaves at each step.

Reviewer: Suggestion to add headers for clarity:

```suggestion
Given below are two example usage scenarios and how the `find` command behaves at each step.

**Scenario 1: General search**
...

**Scenario 1: Multi-field search**
...
```
